Enterprise: macOS Configuration Policy (#8159)
microsoft/vscode-docs: docs/setup/enterprise.md

Once the policy definitions are installed, admins can use the [Local Group Policy Editor](https://learn.microsoft.com/previous-versions/windows/it-pro/windows-server-2012-R2-and-2012/dn265982(v=ws.11)) to manage the policy values.

Policies can be set both at the Computer level and the User level. If both are set, Computer level will take precedence. When a policy value is set, the value overrides the VS Code [setting](/docs/editor/settings.md) value configured at any level (default, user, workspace, etc.).

### Configuration profiles on macOS

Configuration profiles manage settings on macOS devices. A profile is an XML file with key/value pairs that correspond to available policy. These profiles can be deployed using Mobile Device Management (MDM) solutions, or installed manually.

Starting from VS Code version 1.99, each release ships with an example `.mobileconfig` file. This file is located within the `.app` bundle under `Contents/Resources/app/policies`. Use a text editor to manually edit or remove policy to match your organization's requirements.

> > [!TIP] To view the contents of `.app` bundle, right-click on the Application (eg: `/Applications/Visual Studio Code.app` in Finder) and select **Show Package Contents**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> [!TIP] 
> To view the contents of `.app` bundle, right-click on the Application (for example, `/Applications/Visual Studio Code.app` in Finder) and select **Show Package Contents**.
```

For example, to configure the `AllowedExtensions` policy

```xml
<key>AllowedExtensions</key>
<string></string>
```

Add the appropriate JSON string defining your policy between the `<string>` tags.

```xml
<key>AllowedExtensions</key>
<string>{"microsoft": true, "github": true}</string>
```

To omit a given policy, remove the key/value pair from the XML file.

Additionally, VS Code ships with localized schema files following [Apple's Preference Manifest Format](https://developer.apple.com/library/archive/documentation/MacOSXServer/Conceptual/Preference_Manifest_Files/Chapter_1/PM_Chapter1.html#//apple_ref/doc/uid/TP30000196-BABCDJIE). Tools like [iMazing Profile Editor](https://imazing.com/profile-editor) read these files and provide a graphical interface to edit and generate the `.mobileconfig` profile. The schema files are located in the `Contents/Resources/app/policies/<locale>` directory of the `.app` bundle.

> Configuration profiles are installed by double-clicking on the `.mobileconfig` profile and then enabling it in System Preferences under `General > Device Management`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Configuration profiles are installed by double-clicking on the `.mobileconfig` profile and then enabling it in System Preferences under **General** > **Device Management**.
```

### Configuration profiles on macOS

Configuration profiles manage settings on macOS devices. A profile is an XML file with key/value pairs that correspond to available policy. These profiles can be deployed using Mobile Device Management (MDM) solutions, or installed manually.

Starting from VS Code version 1.99, each release ships with an example `.mobileconfig` file. This file is located within the `.app` bundle under `Contents/Resources/app/policies`. Use a text editor to manually edit or remove policy to match your organization's requirements.

> [!TIP] 
> To view the contents of `.app` bundle, right-click on the Application (for example, `/Applications/Visual Studio Code.app` in Finder) and select **Show Package Contents**.

For example, to configure the `AllowedExtensions` policy

```xml
<key>AllowedExtensions</key>
<string></string>
```

Add the appropriate JSON string defining your policy between the `<string>` tags.

```xml
<key>AllowedExtensions</key>
<string>{"microsoft": true, "github": true}</string>
```

To omit a given policy, remove the key/value pair from the XML file.

> Additionally, VS Code ships with localized schema files following [Apple's Preference Manifest Format](https://developer.apple.com/library/archive/documentation/MacOSXServer/Conceptual/Preference_Manifest_Files/Chapter_1/PM_Chapter1.html#//apple_ref/doc/uid/TP30000196-BABCDJIE). Tools like [iMazing Profile Editor](https://imazing.com/profile-editor) read these files and provide a graphical interface to edit and generate the `.mobileconfig` profile. The schema files are located in the `Contents/Resources/app/policies/<locale>` directory of the `.app` bundle.

Reviewer 2: Ok, I figured it out, what I was asking for is in the `Contents/Resources/app/policies/<locale>` folder. just took me a minute to figure it out. Perhaps the documentation could be expanded a little for customers who are unfamiliar with the tool, at least link to the documentation on the iMazing web site on configuring a custom preference manifest folder?

> Additionally, VS Code ships with localized schema files following [Apple's Preference Manifest Format](https://developer.apple.com/library/archive/documentation/MacOSXServer/Conceptual/Preference_Manifest_Files/Chapter_1/PM_Chapter1.html#//apple_ref/doc/uid/TP30000196-BABCDJIE). Tools like [iMazing Profile Editor](https://imazing.com/profile-editor) read these files and provide a graphical interface to edit and generate the `.mobileconfig` profile. The schema files are located in the `Contents/Resources/app/policies/<locale>` directory of the `.app` bundle.

Reviewer 2: Ok, one disconnect for me was the files are refered to as `Schema files` and not `Preference Manifests` which is how iMazing references them.

> Additionally, VS Code ships with localized schema files following [Apple's Preference Manifest Format](https://developer.apple.com/library/archive/documentation/MacOSXServer/Conceptual/Preference_Manifest_Files/Chapter_1/PM_Chapter1.html#//apple_ref/doc/uid/TP30000196-BABCDJIE). Tools like [iMazing Profile Editor](https://imazing.com/profile-editor) read these files and provide a graphical interface to edit and generate the `.mobileconfig` profile. The schema files are located in the `Contents/Resources/app/policies/<locale>` directory of the `.app` bundle.

Reviewer 2: Would it be possible to get the file (modified to remove undocumented preferences) to https://github.com/DigiDNA/ProfileManifests?

> Configuration profiles are installed by double-clicking on the `.mobileconfig` profile and then enabling it in System Preferences under **General** > **Device Management**.

Reviewer 2: Perhaps a note on how to remove the profile?
